docs: add distribution channels and workflow to RELEASE.md (#8681)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: develop-docs/RELEASE.md

- `Latest`: We continuously release major/minor/hotfix versions from the `main` branch. These releases go through all our internal quality gates and are very safe to use and intended to be the default for most teams.
- `Stable`: We promote releases from `Latest` when they have been used in the field for some time and in scale, considering time since release, adoption, and other quality and stability metrics. These releases will be indicated on the [releases page](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases/) with the `Stable` suffix.

## Distribution Channels

> The SDK is distributed via **SPM**. CocoaPods and Carthage support were removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK is distributed via **SPM**. CocoaPods and Carthage support has been removed.
```

| Target                                   | Description                                                                                           |
| ---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| GitHub Release                           | Source + XCFramework zips on the [releases page](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases/) |
| `getsentry/sentry-apple-binaries`        | Pre-built XCFrameworks with a `Package.swift` for SPM binary targets                                  |
| `getsentry/sentry-apple-swift-log`       | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |
| `getsentry/sentry-apple-cocoalumberjack` | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |
| `getsentry/sentry-apple-pulse`           | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |

> | `getsentry/sentry-apple-swiftybeaver`    | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GitHub Release                           | Source + XCFramework zips on the [releases page](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases/) |
| [`getsentry/sentry-apple-binaries`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-apple-binaries)        | Pre-built XCFrameworks with a `Package.swift` for SPM binary targets                                  |
| [`getsentry/sentry-apple-swift-log`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-apple-log)       | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |
| [`getsentry/sentry-apple-cocoalumberjack`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-apple-cocoalumberjack) | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |
| [`getsentry/sentry-apple-pulse`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-apple-pulse)           | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |
| [`getsentry/sentry-apple-swiftybeaver`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-apple-swiftybeaver]    | 3rd-party integration mirror                                                                          |
```

Just to make life easier for future me when I need/want to click these heh

| Sentry Release Registry                  | Updates the `cocoapods:sentry-cocoa` entry (historical name)                                          |

> The 3rd-party integration repos also receive continuous code sync on every push to `main`. See [MIRRORING.md](MIRRORING.md) for full details on both mechanisms.

Author: This is added in https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/pull/8679
